DOCS-10186 (#28165)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/software_catalog/set_up/existing_datadog_customer.md

---
title: Existing Datadog Customer
further_reading:
  - link: "/tracing/software_catalog/setup/"
    tag: "Documentation"
    text: "Setting Up Software Catalog"
aliases:
    - /software_catalog/import_entries_dd/
    - /software_catalog/enrich_default_catalog/import_entries_dd
    - /service_catalog/import_entries_dd/
    - /service_catalog/enrich_default_catalog/import_entries_dd
    - /service_catalog/customize/import_entries_dd
---

Learn how Software Catalog discovers services from Datadog APM, USM, RUM, infrastructure metrics, and logs.

## APM, USM, RUM Users

> Datadog Software Catalog is pre-populated with entries detected through [APM][5], eBPF-based autodiscovery with [Universal Service Monitoring][6], and RUM applications.
> 
> **Note:** 
> Datadog APM automatically discovers dependencies--such as databases, queues, and third-party dependencies--for instrumented services, even if the dependencies haven't been instrumented yet. These un-instrumented dependencies are each categorized as *services*, and Datadog applies their names to service tags on client spans (`span.kind:client`). For example, a client span representing a client call from a service `auth-dotnet` to a PostgreSQL database would be tagged with `service:auth-dotnet-postgres`. 
> 
> If you are using APM and would like to remove the automatically named *services* from your Software Catalog and Service Map, you can opt in to [inferred entities][7] to filter Software Catalog entries by entity type, such as database, queue, or third-party dependencies. You can optionally [remove service overrides][8] like `service:my-service-http-client` from your catalog or map.
> 
> For information about discovering endpoints, see [Discovering Endpoints from APM][10].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog Software Catalog is pre-populated with entries detected through [APM][5], eBPF-based autodiscovery with [Universal Service Monitoring][6], and RUM applications.

### APM service detection and dependencies

**Note:** Datadog APM automatically discovers dependencies from instrumented services, even when the dependencies aren't instrumented. These include:
- Databases
- Message queues
- Other third-party dependencies

These dependencies appear as *services*, to which Datadog automatically applies their names to service tags on client spans (`span.kind:client`). For example, a client call from `auth-dotnet` to PostgreSQL would create a service tagged as `service:auth-dotnet-postgres`.

**Managing Automatically Named Services:**
- You can opt-in to [inferred entities][7] to filter out entities by type (database, queue, third-party).
- You can optionally [remove service overrides][8] such as `service:my-service-http-client` from your catalog or map.

For information about discovering endpoints, see [Discovering Endpoints from APM][10].
```
Took a crack at reorganizing this info a bit.
